what god took you to the right foot and
Finished off.
Alex good ball for paulinho Jorge
henrique who asked for the paulinho he
tried to pass with edson the chance of
corinthians was on the right foot is
net goal
1 Corinthians
twenty-eight minutes of the first game
time in the village paulinho made the pass and
emerson got the right foot dominance
in the well angle Rafael put him in the
network
emerson introduced himself to mark the
his third goal in the
a most important goal of the
corinthians with the adriano left in the
Chase him up and pass him to
arouca has its own space saints
arrive in good time the Elano took from
low faery saints
He saved the Saints' goal.
Do you live an adriano novel if projected
in the empty space since the chic is a
Once in Italy the arouca appeared the arouca
UFAM the pass with Elano and fábio
Saints to goal
tired and after the race with Alex locks the
his goose tower tried over
looking for ruan or pro borges pass
if it fell well on the first arrival of the
borges who entered the second half
goose pass in a neat borges
hit cyprus neymar will hit a
corner kicked out who beat neymar is
protect right played over cassio
piccolo gol took away from there partially
rap a chance is gone pump with dorval
kicking and Cassio making the defense
Cassio hit the corner we are
reviewing the shadow of the left foot
cássio was to check the year
gets the crossing kardec is in
area of ​​corinthians the pass pro korgis
cássio borges got the ball from
Cassio's head was to first seek the alan
kardec got the ball bear inside
borges won in the cacém and headed and then
Gaius shone fear to corner you.
review the bid on fox borges left over
with paulo henrique goose or opening a
chance of the holy bridges passed neymar
also in the face of the goal of the Cassio
chance of the saints this final stretch of the game
kardec knocked down borges passed
hunt failed to take the neymar arrived
late in the bid you reveal the doors
with charlie's voice
The chance of the saints, the ball was alive.
Cassio Cassio got the kick of Ruan